computers.md, before:

# How to Use Computers Safely

- [Security](#security)
  - [Passwords](#passwords)
  - [Domain Names & Certificates](#domain-names--certificates)
  - [Personal Information](#personal-information)
- [Consuming Data](#consuming-data)
- [Programming](#programming)
- [Types of Computers](#types-of-computers)
  - [Servers](#servers)
  - [Desktops & Laptops](#desktops--laptops)
  - [Smartphones](#smartphones)
  - [Tablets](#tablets)
  - [Voice Assistants](#voice-assistants)
  - [Embedded Computers](#embedded-computers)

## Security
Imagine that when you open the front door of your home, you might find yourself
on any street in the world.  That's how a computer works.  Poor security can
give away the keys to your life.

### Passwords
A password's strength can be measured in bits of entropy.  A short password
with only letters and numbers doesn't have many bits: it's weak.  A longer
password with more variation has more bits: it's stronger.

It's very hard for us to remember strong passwords.  If it's easy to remember,
it's easy to crack.  Password cracking is where people use computers to figure
out your password.  If you can remember your password (for example, it's your
pet's name and the year someone you love was born), then it's quite likely
someone will write a computer program that can figure it out, based on your
social media, or your friends' social media.

#### Password Managers
If you want to prevent people breaking in to your accounts, you need to use
strong, unique passwords for every site, especially your email accounts.

Password managers generate strong, unique passwords for every site, and
remember them for you.  You should use one.  There are several:
- [LastPass](https://www.lastpass.com/)
- [1Password](https://1password.com/)
- [Dashlane](https://www.dashlane.com/)
- [iCloud Keychain](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/use-keychains-to-store-passwords-mchlf375f392/mac)
- [Google Password Manager](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6208650?hl=en)
- [Mozilla Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/password-manager-remember-delete-edit-logins)

You will still need to remember the password to your password manager, but now
you can forget the rest.

#### Choosing a Strong Password You Can Remember
A strong password has several bits of entropy: the more the merrier.  Think of
four or more words that have nothing to do with each other, except in your
brain.  Silently repeat them to yourself, many times.  Don't use existing song
lyrics, or lines from a poem or a book or a blog.  Those can be guessed.

For example: [**correct horse battery staple**](https://xkcd.com/936/ "xkcd: Password Strength")

Choose your own!

### Domain Names & Certificates
The only way to know who controls a web site is by the domain name.

A domain name is part of a URL, which you can find in the address bar of your
browser, or by copying a link and pasting it somewhere.

If a web site is not encrypted, then people can see everything you see, and
everything you send to the site.  Therefore you should always pay attention to
whether the sites you visit are encrypted.  If the URL begins with http instead
of https, then it's not encrypted.  Even if it does begin with https, it's only
encrypted if the site's certificate is valid and up to date.  You will often
see a padlock icon to indicate whether a web site is encrypted.  You can click
on the padlock icon to see information about the web site's domain name and
certificate.  If a certificate is no longer valid, some browsers will show an
icon to indicate that.

Even if the web site's domain belongs to the organization you think it does,
and they have encrypted the web site, you should only interact with web sites
that belong to organization you trust to engage in business with you honestly.
If you do not trust someone, then a web site certificate should not override
that.

You definitely should not enter any passwords, credit card numbers, or personal
information on sites that are not encrypted.  If you do, you are broadcasting
that information for the world to see.

### Personal Information
Personal information includes names, phone numbers, email addresses, physical
addresses, passwords, usernames, account numbers, PIN numbers, government ID
numbers, student ID numbers, and many other things you might not think about
(like GPS coordinates that are included in most photos).

Be very careful with personal information!  Once you post it publicly you
cannot prevent anyone from copying it.  Even if you think you did not share it
publicly, you may have done so accidentally.  If you share a photo that shows
some mail with your address on it, or you enter your address into an online
store that's not encrypted, you have broadcast your address to the world.

Avoid sharing personal information, except when you must.  Even then, you
should feel free to pause, and think about whether you want to interact with
someone.  Do not ever feel pressured to provide information to someone over the
Internet or on the phone with personal information immediately.  You're allowed
to take time to think about it, and call them back later if you decide to.

#### Work vs. Personal
You should separate your work and personal data as much as possible, to avoid
legal complications, and provide an example of professionalism.  If you can,
use separate devices for work and personal use.

If your devices belong to your employer, you should still avoid using your
work email for personal communication.  Instead, use a personal email.

As a side note, keep your emails brief, use the subject line, and keep different
subjects in separate threads for easy reference later.  This shows people that
you respect their valuable time.

## Consuming Data
You can choose what you read, or watch, or listen to.  It's easy to let others
choose for you, but then you allow them to control the direction of your life.
The difference between you now, and you in the past, is the people you've met
and the books you've read.

You can create your own news feed using a feed reader like
[Feedly](https://feedly.com/).  It's free.  Create an account and add some
sites you enjoy.

These sites allow you to discover the wealth of knowledge in the world:
- [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/)
- [Librivox](https://librivox.org/): free, public domain audiobooks
- [Open Culture](http://www.openculture.com/)
- [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/): free-content encyclopedia
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)

[Pocket](https://getpocket.com/) lets you save articles to read later.

The worst lie told in school is that Wikipedia is inaccurate.  It is [just as
accurate as the Encyclopedia
Britannica](https://www.nature.com/articles/438900a), and covers far more.
Wikipedia is a summary of the most influential books and publications in
history, with references.  It is not just made up: people continuously check it
for errors, and ruthlessly correct them.  You can try to vandalize it, but
anyone can see what you did by looking at the page history, and your edits will
be reverted if they're not factual.

Don't let yourself sit in a rut.  Explore, learn, create, and share!

## Programming
If you want to know more about how computers work, check out [Free Code
Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/).

## Types of Computers
There are many different kinds of computers that affect your every day life,
some of which you will never see.

### Servers
A server is just a computer that communicates with other computers, and may not
have a screen or a keyboard or pointing device attached at all.  Whenever you
use a computer, it is probably communicating with many servers.

A datacenter is just a bunch of servers in a room or a building, designed to
hold a bunch of servers.

The cloud is just a bunch of datacenters.

### Desktops & Laptops
Desktop and laptop computers (sometimes called workstations) are designed for a
person to use directly.  They almost always include a keyboard and a pointing
device.  Sometimes they have touchscreens, but not always.  They use a style of
graphical user interface (GUI) called WIMP (Windows, Icons, Menus, Pointer).
They also have command line interfaces (CLIs), which are very useful for
programming and interacting with servers.

### Smartphones
Smartphones usually have touchscreens, and not many buttons.  They use
graphical user interfaces (GUIs), and rarely include command line interfaces
(CLIs).  They are easier to use than desktop and laptop computers, but in some
ways they are less capable.


### Tablets
Tablets are basically giant smartphones.  Although you can write computer
programs on a smartphone or a tablet, most professional programmers
prefer a desktop or a laptop.  Those who use tablets for programming usually
connect to a remote server and run their programs there, which means you need
to have a stable Internet connection to be productive.  On a desktop or a
laptop, you can easily write programs with intermittent Internet access.

### Voice Assistants
Voice assistants are included in most smartphones, and some desktops and
laptops.  There are also standalone devices designed for voice input, some of
which don't have screens.  Alexa, the Google Assistant, and Siri are the most
popular.

Alexa and the Google Assistant record what they hear, and use those recordings
to target advertising to you.  Siri does not share information with
advertisers.

### Embedded Computers
Embedded computers are all over the place: in your car, fridge, stove, toaster,
maybe even your lightbulbs.  Security is just as important for these devices as
it is for every other computer.  Pay attention to which manufacturers you
trust.

Commit message:

The map is not the territory.

computers.md, after:

# How to Use Computers Safely

- [Security](#security)
  - [Passwords](#passwords)
  - [Domain Names & Certificates](#domain-names--certificates)
  - [Personal Information](#personal-information)
- [Consuming Data](#consuming-data)
- [Programming](#programming)
- [Types of Computers](#types-of-computers)
  - [Servers](#servers)
  - [Desktops & Laptops](#desktops--laptops)
  - [Smartphones](#smartphones)
  - [Tablets](#tablets)
  - [Voice Assistants](#voice-assistants)
  - [Embedded Computers](#embedded-computers)

## Security
Imagine that when you open the front door of your home, you might find yourself
on any street in the world.  That's how a computer works.  Poor security can
give away the keys to your life.

### Passwords
A password's strength can be measured in bits of entropy.  A short password
with only letters and numbers doesn't have many bits: it's weak.  A longer
password with more variation has more bits: it's stronger.

It's very hard for us to remember strong passwords.  If it's easy to remember,
it's easy to crack.  Password cracking is where people use computers to figure
out your password.  If you can remember your password (for example, it's your
pet's name and the year someone you love was born), then it's quite likely
someone will write a computer program that can figure it out, based on your
social media, or your friends' social media.

#### Password Managers
If you want to prevent people breaking in to your accounts, you need to use
strong, unique passwords for every site, especially your email accounts.

Password managers generate strong, unique passwords for every site, and
remember them for you.  You should use one.  There are several:
- [LastPass](https://www.lastpass.com/)
- [1Password](https://1password.com/)
- [Dashlane](https://www.dashlane.com/)
- [iCloud Keychain](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/use-keychains-to-store-passwords-mchlf375f392/mac)
- [Google Password Manager](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6208650?hl=en)
- [Mozilla Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/password-manager-remember-delete-edit-logins)

You will still need to remember the password to your password manager, but now
you can forget the rest.

#### Choosing a Strong Password You Can Remember
A strong password has several bits of entropy: the more the merrier.  Think of
four or more words that have nothing to do with each other, except in your
brain.  Silently repeat them to yourself, many times.  Don't use existing song
lyrics, or lines from a poem or a book or a blog.  Those can be guessed.

For example: [**correct horse battery staple**](https://xkcd.com/936/ "xkcd: Password Strength")

Choose your own!

### Domain Names & Certificates
The only way to know who controls a web site is by the domain name.

A domain name is part of a URL, which you can find in the address bar of your
browser, or by copying a link and pasting it somewhere.

If a web site is not encrypted, then people can see everything you see, and
everything you send to the site.  Therefore you should always pay attention to
whether the sites you visit are encrypted.  If the URL begins with http instead
of https, then it's not encrypted.  Even if it does begin with https, it's only
encrypted if the site's certificate is valid and up to date.  You will often
see a padlock icon to indicate whether a web site is encrypted.  You can click
on the padlock icon to see information about the web site's domain name and
certificate.  If a certificate is no longer valid, some browsers will show an
icon to indicate that.

Even if the web site's domain belongs to the organization you think it does,
and they have encrypted the web site, you should only interact with web sites
that belong to organization you trust to engage in business with you honestly.
If you do not trust someone, then a web site certificate should not override
that.

You definitely should not enter any passwords, credit card numbers, or personal
information on sites that are not encrypted.  If you do, you are broadcasting
that information for the world to see.

### Personal Information
Personal information includes names, phone numbers, email addresses, physical
addresses, passwords, usernames, account numbers, PIN numbers, government ID
numbers, student ID numbers, and many other things you might not think about
(like GPS coordinates that are included in most photos).

Be very careful with personal information!  Once you post it publicly you
cannot prevent anyone from copying it.  Even if you think you did not share it
publicly, you may have done so accidentally.  If you share a photo that shows
some mail with your address on it, or you enter your address into an online
store that's not encrypted, you have broadcast your address to the world.

Avoid sharing personal information, except when you must.  Even then, you
should feel free to pause, and think about whether you want to interact with
someone.  Do not ever feel pressured to provide information to someone over the
Internet or on the phone with personal information immediately.  You're allowed
to take time to think about it, and call them back later if you decide to.

#### Work vs. Personal
You should separate your work and personal data as much as possible, to avoid
legal complications, and provide an example of professionalism.  If you can,
use separate devices for work and personal use.

If your devices belong to your employer, you should still avoid using your
work email for personal communication.  Instead, use a personal email.

As a side note, keep your emails brief, use the subject line, and keep different
subjects in separate threads for easy reference later.  This shows people that
you respect their valuable time.

## Consuming Data
You can choose what you read, or watch, or listen to.  It's easy to let others
choose for you, but then you allow them to control the direction of your life.
The difference between you now, and you in the past, is the people you've met
and the books you've read.

You can create your own news feed using a feed reader like
[Feedly](https://feedly.com/).  It's free.  Create an account and add some
sites you enjoy.

These sites allow you to discover the wealth of knowledge in the world:
- [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/)
- [Librivox](https://librivox.org/): free, public domain audiobooks
- [Open Culture](http://www.openculture.com/)
- [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/): free-content encyclopedia
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)

[Pocket](https://getpocket.com/) lets you save articles to read later.

The worst lie told in school is that Wikipedia is inaccurate.  It is [just as
accurate as the Encyclopedia
Britannica](https://www.nature.com/articles/438900a), and covers far more.
Wikipedia is a summary of the most influential books and publications in
history, with references.  It is not just made up: people continuously check it
for errors, and ruthlessly correct them.  You can try to vandalize it, but
anyone can see what you did by looking at the page history, and your edits will
be reverted if they're not factual.  Use it like a map: it can show you the way
to the best sources of information.  All maps have some inaccuracies, but they
are still useful.  [The map is not the
territory.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Map%E2%80%93territory_relation)

Don't let yourself sit in a rut.  Explore, learn, create, and share!

## Programming
If you want to know more about how computers work, check out [Free Code
Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/).

## Types of Computers
There are many different kinds of computers that affect your every day life,
some of which you will never see.

### Servers
A server is just a computer that communicates with other computers, and may not
have a screen or a keyboard or pointing device attached at all.  Whenever you
use a computer, it is probably communicating with many servers.

A datacenter is just a bunch of servers in a room or a building, designed to
hold a bunch of servers.

The cloud is just a bunch of datacenters.

### Desktops & Laptops
Desktop and laptop computers (sometimes called workstations) are designed for a
person to use directly.  They almost always include a keyboard and a pointing
device.  Sometimes they have touchscreens, but not always.  They use a style of
graphical user interface (GUI) called WIMP (Windows, Icons, Menus, Pointer).
They also have command line interfaces (CLIs), which are very useful for
programming and interacting with servers.

### Smartphones
Smartphones usually have touchscreens, and not many buttons.  They use
graphical user interfaces (GUIs), and rarely include command line interfaces
(CLIs).  They are easier to use than desktop and laptop computers, but in some
ways they are less capable.


### Tablets
Tablets are basically giant smartphones.  Although you can write computer
programs on a smartphone or a tablet, most professional programmers
prefer a desktop or a laptop.  Those who use tablets for programming usually
connect to a remote server and run their programs there, which means you need
to have a stable Internet connection to be productive.  On a desktop or a
laptop, you can easily write programs with intermittent Internet access.

### Voice Assistants
Voice assistants are included in most smartphones, and some desktops and
laptops.  There are also standalone devices designed for voice input, some of
which don't have screens.  Alexa, the Google Assistant, and Siri are the most
popular.

Alexa and the Google Assistant record what they hear, and use those recordings
to target advertising to you.  Siri does not share information with
advertisers.

### Embedded Computers
Embedded computers are all over the place: in your car, fridge, stove, toaster,
maybe even your lightbulbs.  Security is just as important for these devices as
it is for every other computer.  Pay attention to which manufacturers you
trust.
