README.md, before:

# Educational Content

- [Recommendations](#recommendations)
- [Sources](#sources)
  - [News](#news)
- [Videos](#videos)
  - [Engineering](#engineering)
    - [Aviation](#aviation)
    - [Do It Yourself](#do-it-yourself)
    - [Spaceflight](#spaceflight)
  - [History](#history)
  - [Hobbies](#hobbies)
    - [Cycling](#cycling)
    - [Skateboarding](#skateboarding)
    - [Music](#music)
  - [Programming](#programming)
    - [Data Science](#data-science)
    - [The Python Programming Language](#the-python-programming-language)
  - [Science](#science)
    - [Economics](#economics)
    - [Linguistics](#linguistics)
    - [Mathematics](#mathematics)

---

## Recommendations
When in doubt, try [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/).

For history, mythology, and video game design:
  - [Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg)

For engineering & do it yourself (DIY)::
  - [Machine Thinking](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q)
  - [Mike Patey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg)
  - [StewMac](https://www.youtube.com/user/stewartmacdonald)

For linguistics:
  - [NativLang](https://www.youtube.com/user/NativLang)

For science:
  - [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q)
  - [SciShow](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishow)

For spaceflight:
  - [Everyday Astronaut](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6uKrU_WqJ1R2HMTY3LIx5Q)
  - [Scott Manley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxzC4EngIsMrPmbm6Nxvb-A)

---

## Sources
- [Brilliant](https://brilliant.org/): learn to think
- [Feedly](https://feedly.com/): Google Reader replacement
- [Google Books](https://books.google.com/): all the books, scanned
- [Google Patents](https://patents.google.com/)
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/)
- [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/)
- [Librivox](https://librivox.org/): free, public domain audiobooks
- [MasterClass](https://www.masterclass.com/): learn from the best
- [Open Culture](http://www.openculture.com/)
- [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [ScienceDirect](https://www.sciencedirect.com/)
- [Skillshare](https://www.skillshare.com/): explore your creativity
- [TimeTree](http://www.timetree.org/): the timescale of life
- [Wikidata](https://www.wikidata.org/): free knowledge base
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/): free-content encyclopedia
- [Wikisource](https://wikisource.org/): free-content library
- [Wikispecies](https://species.wikimedia.org/): directory of species
- [Wikiversity](https://en.wikiversity.org/): free learning materials & activities

### News
- [Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/)
- [MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/)
- [Scientific American](https://www.scientificamerican.com/)

## Videos

### Engineering
- [City Beautiful](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGc8ZVCsrR3dAuhvUbkbToQ)
- [Machine Thinking](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q)
- [MIT CSAIL (Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Laboratory)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBpxspUNl1Th33XbugiHJzw)
- [MIT Mechanical Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVXMaD9Gez-O1XKM8tuuzkA)
- [MIT OpenCourseWare](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw)
- [MIT School of Architecture & Planning](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgbvegDSq3uxWUrlllbvhLw)
- [MIT School of Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx-Pk4CGqEb0FO5A6RyRNxA)
- [Practical Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ)
- [Real Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg)
- [Sketchup](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=sketchup)
- [The B1M](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheB1MLtd)
- [Tom Stanton](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC67gfx2Fg7K2NSHqoENVgwA)

#### Aviation
- [Angle of Attack](https://www.youtube.com/user/AoA001)
- [Backcountry Pilot](https://www.youtube.com/user/BackcountryPilotOrg)
- [Cory Robin](https://www.youtube.com/user/flycory)
- [FlightChops](https://www.youtube.com/user/FlightChops)
- [Jason Sneed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfpW6H8wYpyQxNaFsGJj6tQ)
- [Mike Patey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg)
- [Scott Palmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrH40DJh4LHiFceeFsZllmg)
- [Trent Palmer](https://www.youtube.com/user/boredentertainment88)
- [The Finer Points](https://www.youtube.com/user/OnTheFlightLine)

#### Do It Yourself
- [A Concord Carpenter](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO1ZM4DsONdAWTQdX8o49QA)
- [Anne of All Trades](https://www.youtube.com/user/allaboutanne18)
- [April Wilkerson](https://www.youtube.com/user/AprilWilkersonDIY)
- [Crafted Workshop](https://www.youtube.com/user/craftedmagazine)
- [DIY Creators](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChKlSK39lLg8eZHIX0iVzLA)
- [Matt Risinger](https://www.youtube.com/user/MattRisinger)
- [Matthew Cremona](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpL0v-Ifie7u05lbfO3zJQ)
- [Primitive Technology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA)
- [Steve Ramsey - Woodworking for Mere Mortals](https://www.youtube.com/user/stevinmarin)
- [StewMac](https://www.youtube.com/user/stewartmacdonald)
- [The Wood Whisperer](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheWoodWhisperer)
- [This Old House](https://www.youtube.com/user/thisoldhouse)

#### Spaceflight
- [Blue Origin](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVxTHEKKLxNjGcvVaZindlg)
- [Curious Elephant](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZUlf2TKB8vATuo5-s1N-5Q)
- [Everyday Astronaut](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6uKrU_WqJ1R2HMTY3LIx5Q)
- [NASA](https://www.youtube.com/user/NASAtelevision)
- [Scott Manley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxzC4EngIsMrPmbm6Nxvb-A)
- [SpaceX](https://www.youtube.com/user/spacexchannel)

---

### History
- [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w)
- [Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg)
  - [Extra History: Chronological Order (Pre-History - 1699 CE)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5BuNVhOt8Ls82Cr20yo6Y_p)
  - [Extra History: Chronological Order (1700 CE - Present)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5BNTUc1fwlXFuodoGo_u6TH)
- [History Matters](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC22BdTgxefuvUivrjesETjg)
- [The History Guy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4sEmXUuWIFlxRIFBRV6VXQ)
- [VisualPolitik EN](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT3v6vL2H5HK4loLMc8pmCw)

---

### Hobbies

#### Cycling
- [Backyard Trail Builds](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1iGpIm2g0D8lZvhtqetHmg)
- [Bike Magazine](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheBikemag)
- [Bike Radar](https://www.youtube.com/user/bikeradar)
- [Danny MacAskill](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9kOkY1nYc0uADWRiRH64Rw)
- [GCN: Global Cycling Network](https://www.youtube.com/user/globalcyclingnetwork)
- [GMBN: Global Mountain Bike Network](https://www.youtube.com/user/globalmtb)
- [Pinkbike](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2GIHZpQiJy-8286f4lj_cg)
- [Seth's Bike Hacks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu8YylsPiu9XfaQC74Hr_Gw)
- [Skills with Phil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0QuCui5pNF9k9fiNXkqn_w)
- [TheUselessTrials](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEi9yL4vhQlLafWRsAgAr3w)

#### Music
- [Aimee Nolte Music](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZIB_p5AgVVdxgkYWHeUy-Q)
- [Composerily - Music Theory The Basics](https://youtu.be/1oL4VPyBlYw)
- [Learn music theory in half an hour](https://youtu.be/rgaTLrZGlk0)
- [The Circle of Fifths made clear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UxzDjU3-hM)
- [Michael New](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBiLBQrKrnvwcVRD5fS8aA)
- [Paul Davids](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_Oa7Ph3v94om5OyxY1nPKg)
- [Polyphonic](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXkNod_JcH7PleOjwK_8rYQ)
- [Pogo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn-K7GIs62ENvdQe6ZZk9-w)
- [Professor of Rock](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOwSCdQi9YRIVq6H2iX3qWg)
- [Scott's Bass Lessons .com](https://scottsbasslessons.com/)
- [Scott's Bass Lessons on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWTj3vCqkQIsrTGSm4kM34g)
- [Yale Music Theory Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9LXrs9vCXK56qtyK4qcqwHrbf0em_81r)

#### Skateboarding
- [Ben Degros](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP94Q0ypuPdhl-NupoAbcoQ)
- [Braille Skateboarding](https://www.youtube.com/user/sprocker7)
- [VHS Skate Tube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6NVaVOokARfFe9EijxnBOA)
- [VLSkate](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC97VWzYLwjEIDfoXmdub-2Q)

---

### Programming
- [freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ)
- [GoogleDeveloperDay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPuf8AroS2fpl83oqsfC6A)
- [Programming with Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA)
- [sentdex](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ)

#### Data Science
- [365 Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/c/365DataScience)
- [Corey Schafer: Pandas Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTsWmV9i9c58mdDCSskIFdDS)
- [freeCodeCamp.org: Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWKjhJtqVAblQe2CCWqV4Zy3LY01Z8aF1)
- [Propagate Knowledge](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_7XEmvCsDO2Oo2iqDSqAdw)
- [TEDx: Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/user/TEDxTalks/search?query=data+science)

#### The Python Programming Language
- [Real Python](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI0vQvr9aFn27yR6Ej6n5UA)
- [Socratica](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW6TXMZ5Pq6yL6_k5NZ2e0Q)
- [Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g)
- [The Mighty Dictionary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Kc8xzcA68)
- [Transforming Code into Beautiful, Idiomatic Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSGv2VnC0go)

---

### Science
- [iBiology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvqEZBO-kNmwuDBbKbfL6A)
- [It's Okay To Be Smart](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH4BNI0-FOK2dMXoFtViWHw)
- [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q)
- [minutephysics](https://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics)
- [New Mind](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_Y-BKzq1uW_2rexWkUzlA)
- [PBS Eons](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzR-rom72PHN9Zg7RML9EbA)
- [PBS Space Time](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_gcs09iThXybpVgjHZ_7g)
- [Physics Girl](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA)
- [SciShow](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishow)
- [SciShow Kids](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowkids)
- [SciShow Psych](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUdettijNYvLAm4AixZv4RA)
- [SciShow Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowspace)
- [The Cosmic Shambles Network](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6JQx_K7LKktuQXruCwgbFg)
- [TierZoo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw)
- [Up and Atom](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSIvk78tK2TiviLQn4fSHaw)
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/user/1veritasium)

#### Economics
- [Economics Explained](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ4AMrDcNrfy3X6nsU8-rPg)
- [The Economist](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0p5jTq6Xx_DosDFxVXnWaQ)
- [Two Cents](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL8w_A8p8P1HWI3k6PR5Z6w)

#### Linguistics
- [Alliterative](https://www.youtube.com/user/Alliterative)
- [Elar Archive](https://www.youtube.com/user/ELARarchive)
- [Endangered Language Alliance](https://www.youtube.com/user/elalliance)
- [Enduring Voices](https://www.youtube.com/user/EnduringVoices)
- [Fingtam Languages](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDqVCYtJ5ezoRBP94ltrDwg)
- [Indigenous Language Institute](https://www.youtube.com/user/ILINative)
- [Langfocus](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNhX3WQEkraW3VHPyup8jkQ)
- [The Language Conservancy](https://www.youtube.com/user/LanguageConservancy)
- [The Language Index](https://www.youtube.com/user/languageindex)
- [The Ling Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/thelingspace)
- [Ling Vids](https://www.youtube.com/user/lingvids)
- [Lingthusiasm](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy2qzzv5E9SNTpa90CqfkZA)
- [Linguistic Society of America](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkixQuErotOHf4r8mawp9NQ)
- [MIT Linguistics](https://www.youtube.com/user/MITLINGUISTICS)
- [NativLang](https://www.youtube.com/user/NativLang)
- [The Virtual Linguistics Campus](https://www.youtube.com/user/LinguisticsMarburg)
- [WikiTongues](https://www.youtube.com/user/WikiTongues)

#### Mathematics
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw)
- [Mathologer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg)
- [Numberphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile)
- [PBS Infinite Series](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs4aHmggTfFrpkPcWSaBN9g)
- [standupmaths](https://www.youtube.com/user/standupmaths)
- [Tipping Point Math](https://www.youtube.com/user/TippingPointMath)
- [Euler's Identity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKtloBAuP74)

Commit message:

Like to my music starter kit.

README.md, after:

# Educational Content

- [Recommendations](#recommendations)
- [Sources](#sources)
  - [News](#news)
- [Videos](#videos)
  - [Engineering](#engineering)
    - [Aviation](#aviation)
    - [Do It Yourself](#do-it-yourself)
    - [Spaceflight](#spaceflight)
  - [History](#history)
  - [Hobbies](#hobbies)
    - [Cycling](#cycling)
    - [Skateboarding](#skateboarding)
    - [Music](#music)
  - [Programming](#programming)
    - [Data Science](#data-science)
    - [The Python Programming Language](#the-python-programming-language)
  - [Science](#science)
    - [Economics](#economics)
    - [Linguistics](#linguistics)
    - [Mathematics](#mathematics)

---

## Recommendations
When in doubt, try [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/).

For history, mythology, and video game design:
  - [Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg)

For engineering & do it yourself (DIY)::
  - [Machine Thinking](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q)
  - [Mike Patey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg)
  - [StewMac](https://www.youtube.com/user/stewartmacdonald)

For linguistics:
  - [NativLang](https://www.youtube.com/user/NativLang)

For science:
  - [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q)
  - [SciShow](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishow)

For spaceflight:
  - [Everyday Astronaut](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6uKrU_WqJ1R2HMTY3LIx5Q)
  - [Scott Manley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxzC4EngIsMrPmbm6Nxvb-A)

---

## Sources
- [Brilliant](https://brilliant.org/): learn to think
- [Feedly](https://feedly.com/): Google Reader replacement
- [Google Books](https://books.google.com/): all the books, scanned
- [Google Patents](https://patents.google.com/)
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/)
- [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/)
- [Librivox](https://librivox.org/): free, public domain audiobooks
- [MasterClass](https://www.masterclass.com/): learn from the best
- [Open Culture](http://www.openculture.com/)
- [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [ScienceDirect](https://www.sciencedirect.com/)
- [Skillshare](https://www.skillshare.com/): explore your creativity
- [TimeTree](http://www.timetree.org/): the timescale of life
- [Wikidata](https://www.wikidata.org/): free knowledge base
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/): free-content encyclopedia
- [Wikisource](https://wikisource.org/): free-content library
- [Wikispecies](https://species.wikimedia.org/): directory of species
- [Wikiversity](https://en.wikiversity.org/): free learning materials & activities

### News
- [Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/)
- [MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/)
- [Scientific American](https://www.scientificamerican.com/)

## Videos

### Engineering
- [City Beautiful](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGc8ZVCsrR3dAuhvUbkbToQ)
- [Machine Thinking](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q)
- [MIT CSAIL (Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Laboratory)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBpxspUNl1Th33XbugiHJzw)
- [MIT Mechanical Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVXMaD9Gez-O1XKM8tuuzkA)
- [MIT OpenCourseWare](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw)
- [MIT School of Architecture & Planning](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgbvegDSq3uxWUrlllbvhLw)
- [MIT School of Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx-Pk4CGqEb0FO5A6RyRNxA)
- [Practical Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ)
- [Real Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg)
- [Sketchup](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=sketchup)
- [The B1M](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheB1MLtd)
- [Tom Stanton](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC67gfx2Fg7K2NSHqoENVgwA)

#### Aviation
- [Angle of Attack](https://www.youtube.com/user/AoA001)
- [Backcountry Pilot](https://www.youtube.com/user/BackcountryPilotOrg)
- [Cory Robin](https://www.youtube.com/user/flycory)
- [FlightChops](https://www.youtube.com/user/FlightChops)
- [Jason Sneed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfpW6H8wYpyQxNaFsGJj6tQ)
- [Mike Patey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg)
- [Scott Palmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrH40DJh4LHiFceeFsZllmg)
- [Trent Palmer](https://www.youtube.com/user/boredentertainment88)
- [The Finer Points](https://www.youtube.com/user/OnTheFlightLine)

#### Do It Yourself
- [A Concord Carpenter](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO1ZM4DsONdAWTQdX8o49QA)
- [Anne of All Trades](https://www.youtube.com/user/allaboutanne18)
- [April Wilkerson](https://www.youtube.com/user/AprilWilkersonDIY)
- [Crafted Workshop](https://www.youtube.com/user/craftedmagazine)
- [DIY Creators](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChKlSK39lLg8eZHIX0iVzLA)
- [Matt Risinger](https://www.youtube.com/user/MattRisinger)
- [Matthew Cremona](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpL0v-Ifie7u05lbfO3zJQ)
- [Primitive Technology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA)
- [Steve Ramsey - Woodworking for Mere Mortals](https://www.youtube.com/user/stevinmarin)
- [StewMac](https://www.youtube.com/user/stewartmacdonald)
- [The Wood Whisperer](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheWoodWhisperer)
- [This Old House](https://www.youtube.com/user/thisoldhouse)

#### Spaceflight
- [Blue Origin](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVxTHEKKLxNjGcvVaZindlg)
- [Curious Elephant](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZUlf2TKB8vATuo5-s1N-5Q)
- [Everyday Astronaut](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6uKrU_WqJ1R2HMTY3LIx5Q)
- [NASA](https://www.youtube.com/user/NASAtelevision)
- [Scott Manley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxzC4EngIsMrPmbm6Nxvb-A)
- [SpaceX](https://www.youtube.com/user/spacexchannel)

---

### History
- [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w)
- [Extra Credits](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg)
  - [Extra History: Chronological Order (Pre-History - 1699 CE)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5BuNVhOt8Ls82Cr20yo6Y_p)
  - [Extra History: Chronological Order (1700 CE - Present)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyKYa0YJ_5BNTUc1fwlXFuodoGo_u6TH)
- [History Matters](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC22BdTgxefuvUivrjesETjg)
- [The History Guy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4sEmXUuWIFlxRIFBRV6VXQ)
- [VisualPolitik EN](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT3v6vL2H5HK4loLMc8pmCw)

---

### Hobbies

#### Cycling
- [Backyard Trail Builds](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1iGpIm2g0D8lZvhtqetHmg)
- [Bike Magazine](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheBikemag)
- [Bike Radar](https://www.youtube.com/user/bikeradar)
- [Danny MacAskill](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9kOkY1nYc0uADWRiRH64Rw)
- [GCN: Global Cycling Network](https://www.youtube.com/user/globalcyclingnetwork)
- [GMBN: Global Mountain Bike Network](https://www.youtube.com/user/globalmtb)
- [Pinkbike](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2GIHZpQiJy-8286f4lj_cg)
- [Seth's Bike Hacks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu8YylsPiu9XfaQC74Hr_Gw)
- [Skills with Phil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0QuCui5pNF9k9fiNXkqn_w)
- [TheUselessTrials](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEi9yL4vhQlLafWRsAgAr3w)

#### Music
If you need equipment, see the [music starter kit](https://github.com/smenjas/music-notes/blob/master/music-starter-kit.md).
- [Aimee Nolte Music](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZIB_p5AgVVdxgkYWHeUy-Q)
- [Composerily - Music Theory The Basics](https://youtu.be/1oL4VPyBlYw)
- [Learn music theory in half an hour](https://youtu.be/rgaTLrZGlk0)
- [The Circle of Fifths made clear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UxzDjU3-hM)
- [Michael New](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBiLBQrKrnvwcVRD5fS8aA)
- [Paul Davids](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_Oa7Ph3v94om5OyxY1nPKg)
- [Polyphonic](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXkNod_JcH7PleOjwK_8rYQ)
- [Pogo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn-K7GIs62ENvdQe6ZZk9-w)
- [Professor of Rock](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOwSCdQi9YRIVq6H2iX3qWg)
- [Scott's Bass Lessons .com](https://scottsbasslessons.com/)
- [Scott's Bass Lessons on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWTj3vCqkQIsrTGSm4kM34g)
- [Yale Music Theory Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9LXrs9vCXK56qtyK4qcqwHrbf0em_81r)

#### Skateboarding
- [Ben Degros](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP94Q0ypuPdhl-NupoAbcoQ)
- [Braille Skateboarding](https://www.youtube.com/user/sprocker7)
- [VHS Skate Tube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6NVaVOokARfFe9EijxnBOA)
- [VLSkate](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC97VWzYLwjEIDfoXmdub-2Q)

---

### Programming
- [freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ)
- [GoogleDeveloperDay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPuf8AroS2fpl83oqsfC6A)
- [Programming with Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA)
- [sentdex](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ)

#### Data Science
- [365 Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/c/365DataScience)
- [Corey Schafer: Pandas Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTsWmV9i9c58mdDCSskIFdDS)
- [freeCodeCamp.org: Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWKjhJtqVAblQe2CCWqV4Zy3LY01Z8aF1)
- [Propagate Knowledge](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_7XEmvCsDO2Oo2iqDSqAdw)
- [TEDx: Data Science](https://www.youtube.com/user/TEDxTalks/search?query=data+science)

#### The Python Programming Language
- [Real Python](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI0vQvr9aFn27yR6Ej6n5UA)
- [Socratica](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW6TXMZ5Pq6yL6_k5NZ2e0Q)
- [Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g)
- [The Mighty Dictionary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Kc8xzcA68)
- [Transforming Code into Beautiful, Idiomatic Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSGv2VnC0go)

---

### Science
- [iBiology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvqEZBO-kNmwuDBbKbfL6A)
- [It's Okay To Be Smart](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH4BNI0-FOK2dMXoFtViWHw)
- [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q)
- [minutephysics](https://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics)
- [New Mind](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_Y-BKzq1uW_2rexWkUzlA)
- [PBS Eons](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzR-rom72PHN9Zg7RML9EbA)
- [PBS Space Time](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_gcs09iThXybpVgjHZ_7g)
- [Physics Girl](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA)
- [SciShow](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishow)
- [SciShow Kids](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowkids)
- [SciShow Psych](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUdettijNYvLAm4AixZv4RA)
- [SciShow Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowspace)
- [The Cosmic Shambles Network](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6JQx_K7LKktuQXruCwgbFg)
- [TierZoo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw)
- [Up and Atom](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSIvk78tK2TiviLQn4fSHaw)
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/user/1veritasium)

#### Economics
- [Economics Explained](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ4AMrDcNrfy3X6nsU8-rPg)
- [The Economist](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0p5jTq6Xx_DosDFxVXnWaQ)
- [Two Cents](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL8w_A8p8P1HWI3k6PR5Z6w)

#### Linguistics
- [Alliterative](https://www.youtube.com/user/Alliterative)
- [Elar Archive](https://www.youtube.com/user/ELARarchive)
- [Endangered Language Alliance](https://www.youtube.com/user/elalliance)
- [Enduring Voices](https://www.youtube.com/user/EnduringVoices)
- [Fingtam Languages](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDqVCYtJ5ezoRBP94ltrDwg)
- [Indigenous Language Institute](https://www.youtube.com/user/ILINative)
- [Langfocus](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNhX3WQEkraW3VHPyup8jkQ)
- [The Language Conservancy](https://www.youtube.com/user/LanguageConservancy)
- [The Language Index](https://www.youtube.com/user/languageindex)
- [The Ling Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/thelingspace)
- [Ling Vids](https://www.youtube.com/user/lingvids)
- [Lingthusiasm](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy2qzzv5E9SNTpa90CqfkZA)
- [Linguistic Society of America](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkixQuErotOHf4r8mawp9NQ)
- [MIT Linguistics](https://www.youtube.com/user/MITLINGUISTICS)
- [NativLang](https://www.youtube.com/user/NativLang)
- [The Virtual Linguistics Campus](https://www.youtube.com/user/LinguisticsMarburg)
- [WikiTongues](https://www.youtube.com/user/WikiTongues)

#### Mathematics
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw)
- [Mathologer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg)
- [Numberphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile)
- [PBS Infinite Series](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs4aHmggTfFrpkPcWSaBN9g)
- [standupmaths](https://www.youtube.com/user/standupmaths)
- [Tipping Point Math](https://www.youtube.com/user/TippingPointMath)
- [Euler's Identity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKtloBAuP74)
